docs: add web build info (#836)
open-feature/flagd: docs/WEB_BUILD_INFO.md

Reviewer: Please move this to the contributing doc.

Reviewer 2: Ya, agreed I think that's a better place.

# How [https://flagd.dev](https://flagd.dev) is built

The flagd project has a website at [https://flagd.dev](https://flagd.dev)

This guide is intended so that potential contributors can understand how, where and when the website comes into being.

## Website Structure

The website is built on [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and the [material theme](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/).

The [mkdocs.yml](../mkdocs.yml) file describes the high level metadata in addition to the main menu structure.

> The website is generated from files in the [web-docs](../web-docs/) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The website is generated from files in the [docs](../docs/) folder.
```

> The website homepage is powered by the [index.md](../web-docs/index.md) file at the root of `/web-docs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## What happens during a Website-Related PR?

Imagine you notice a typo on [https://flagd.dev](https://flagd.dev).

> You find the page inside [/web-docs](../web-docs/) and fix the typo and commit the change (remembering to sign your commit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the page inside [/docs](../docs/) and fix the typo then commit the change (remembering to sign your commit).
```

Clicking the pencil icon on the doc page may be the easy way to find the correct page.

1. All commits in this PR are checked for being signed with DCO.
   Hint: Sign **all** commits with `-s`: `git commit -sm "my commit message"`
   If the DCO check fails, this bot will provide the copy / paste commands to fix.
   Click on the Details hyperlink in the PR and scroll to the bottom of the resulting page.
1. PR titles must be semantically correct.
   [The lint-pr GitHub action](../.github/workflows/lint-pr.yaml) checks that and warns if your PR title doesn't match requirements.
1. The markdown files are linted in [the markdown-checks GitHub Action](../.github/workflows/markdown-checks.yaml) which calls [make markdownlint](../Makefile#L103).
   Your markdown syntax [must follow a set of rules](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/main/doc/Rules.md).
   Hint: Run `make markdownlint-fix` and / or `make markdownlint` before raising the PR!
1. [The build GitHub Action](../.github/workflows/build.yaml) runs a job called [lint](../.github/workflows/build.yaml#L23)
   which in turn runs [make workspace-init](../Makefile#L12) and then [make lint](../Makefile#L62).
   TODO: @thomaspoignant to advise on what this does and if it's still relevant for documentation.

>    That linting _appears_ to me to be related to Go code, not docs.

Reviewer: The linking issues have been addressed.

   [make test](../Makefile#L39) which defaults to [make test-core](../Makefile#L42) is run, which, as far as I can see, does nothing related to documentation.
   TODO: Re-scope or remove?

1. [The build GitHub Action](../.github/workflows/build.yaml) runs a job called [docker-local](../.github/workflows/build.yaml#L70) which, as far as I can see, does nothing at all related to documentation.
  Instead this job appears to build the Go code, scan it for vulnerabilities with Trivy and upload the results.
  TODO: Rebuild / rescope to remove from documentation PRs?

1. [The build GitHub Action](../.github/workflows/build.yaml) runs a job called [integration-test](../.github/workflows/build.yaml#L115).
   This job initialises a Go workspace (for the fourth time in this PR), builds the code, builds a flagd binary and runs integration tests.
   All of which appear irrelevant to the documentation.

   TODO: Rebuild / rescope to remove from documentation PRs?
1. A preview version of the site is built by Netflify.
1. The Netlify preview lint is added to the PR.
1. Netlify will rebuild the site for every new commit.

## How does the site get built and where is it deployed?

> @beeme1mr to help author this section.

Reviewer: Netlify has been configured to look for the [netlify.toml](https://github.com/open-feature/flagd/blob/main/netlify.toml) file at the root of the project and deploy according to that configuration.
